Accounts.md, before:

## Meetup

http://www.meetup.com/py-yyc/

Uses RBAC, so there’s no master password.

There can only be one organizer, and the organizer has to pay a
subscription fee to remain organizer. The subscription fee is not
refundable or transferable if there’s a change in organizers; the new
organizer has to pay for their own subscription.

## Assembly CS

Not really an account, but we have the “4th Tuesday of every month”
slot at [Assembly CS](http://www.assemblycs.com). See the contact info
[here](secrets/assembly.gpg).

## Trello

https://trello.com/pyyyc

Uses RBAC, so there’s no master password.

People can be invited to individual boards, such as the [PyYYC
Talks](https://trello.com/b/OkwBY2BT/pyyyc-talks) one, without being added
to the team.

Go to https://trello.com/pyyyc/members to add someone to the team, giving
them access to all boards.

## github.com/py-yyc

https://github.com/py-yyc

Uses RBAC, so there’s no master password. Owners can add people at
https://github.com/orgs/py-yyc/people

If you are an Owner of the organization, please set your organization
membership to “Public” at https://github.com/orgs/py-yyc/people so that
people can find you.

## pyyyc.org

This domain is registered and hosted at DreamHost, under Andrew’s account.
Kurt and Mike also have access to this domain, in case the domain ever
needs to be transferred.

## Twitter

[@PyYYC](https://twitter.com/pyyyc)

Using [TweetDeck](https://tweetdeck.twitter.com), you can share access to
this account without sharing the password.

The password is in `secrets/twitter.gpg`.

## Slack

Andrew has registered a free Slack account at pyyyc.slack.com. If people
start using it, he will share admin access.

Commit message:

Add password for slides.com

Accounts.md, after:

## Meetup

http://www.meetup.com/py-yyc/

Uses RBAC, so there’s no master password.

There can only be one organizer, and the organizer has to pay a
subscription fee to remain organizer. The subscription fee is not
refundable or transferable if there’s a change in organizers; the new
organizer has to pay for their own subscription.

## Assembly CS

Not really an account, but we have the “4th Wednesday of every month”
slot at [Assembly CS](http://www.assemblycs.com). See the contact info
[here](secrets/assembly.gpg).

## Trello

https://trello.com/pyyyc

Uses RBAC, so there’s no master password.

People can be invited to individual boards, such as the [PyYYC
Talks](https://trello.com/b/OkwBY2BT/pyyyc-talks) one, without being added
to the team.

Go to https://trello.com/pyyyc/members to add someone to the team, giving
them access to all boards.

## github.com/py-yyc

https://github.com/py-yyc

Uses RBAC, so there’s no master password. Owners can add people at
https://github.com/orgs/py-yyc/people

If you are an Owner of the organization, please set your organization
membership to “Public” at https://github.com/orgs/py-yyc/people so that
people can find you.

## pyyyc.org

This domain is registered and hosted at DreamHost, under Andrew’s account.
Kurt and Mike also have access to this domain, in case the domain ever
needs to be transferred.

## Twitter

[@PyYYC](https://twitter.com/pyyyc)

Using [TweetDeck](https://tweetdeck.twitter.com), you can share access to
this account without sharing the password.

The password is in `secrets/twitter.gpg`.

## Slides.com

https://slides.com/pyyyc

The password is in `secrets/slides.gpg`.

## Slack

Andrew has registered a free Slack account at pyyyc.slack.com. If people
start using it, he will share admin access. YYC Design might be better, as
it’s a more general Calgary-wide slack for technology.
